feat: add `blas/ext/base/ndarray/sindex-of` (#7529)
stdlib-js/stdlib: lib/node_modules/@stdlib/blas/ext/base/ndarray/sindex-of/README.md

WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.

-->

# sindexOf

> Return the first index of a search element in a one-dimensional single-precision floating-point ndarray.

<section class="intro">

</section>

<!-- /.intro -->

<section class="usage">

## Usage

```javascript
var sindexOf = require( '@stdlib/blas/ext/base/ndarray/sindex-of' );
```

#### sindexOf( arrays )

Returns the first index of a specified search element in a one-dimensional single-precision floating-point ndarray.

```javascript
var Float32Array = require( '@stdlib/array/float32' );
var scalar2ndarray = require( '@stdlib/ndarray/from-scalar' );
var ndarray = require( '@stdlib/ndarray/base/ctor' );

var xbuf = new Float32Array( [ 1.0, 3.0, 4.0, 2.0 ] );
var x = new ndarray( 'float32', xbuf, [ 4 ], [ 1 ], 0, 'row-major' );

var searchElement = scalar2ndarray( 2.0, {
    'dtype': 'float32'
});

var fromIndex = scalar2ndarray( 0, {
    'dtype': 'generic'
});

var idx = sindexOf( [ x, searchElement, fromIndex ] );
// returns 3
```

The function has the following parameters:

> -   **arrays**: array-like object containing a one-dimensional input ndarray, a zero-dimensional ndarray containing the search element and a zero-dimensional ndarray containing the from index.

Author: @kgryte Any suggestions on this description? Its gets the point across but I feel it may be a little long.

> -   **arrays**: array-like object containing a one-dimensional input ndarray, a zero-dimensional ndarray containing the search element and a zero-dimensional ndarray containing the from index.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   **arrays**: array-like object containing the following ndarrays:

    -   a one-dimensional input ndarray.
    -   a zero-dimensional ndarray containing the search element.
    -   a zero-dimensional ndarray containing the index from which to begin searching.
```

var searchElement = scalar2ndarray( 2.0, {
    'dtype': 'float32'
});

var fromIndex = scalar2ndarray( 0, {
    'dtype': 'generic'
});

var idx = sindexOf( [ x, searchElement, fromIndex ] );
// returns 3
```

The function has the following parameters:

-   **arrays**: array-like object containing the following ndarrays:

    -   a one-dimensional input ndarray.
    -   a zero-dimensional ndarray containing the search element.
    -   a zero-dimensional ndarray containing the index from which to begin searching.

If the function is unable to find a search element, the function returns `-1`.

```javascript
var Float32Array = require( '@stdlib/array/float32' );
var scalar2ndarray = require( '@stdlib/ndarray/from-scalar' );
var ndarray = require( '@stdlib/ndarray/base/ctor' );

var xbuf = new Float32Array( [ 1.0, 3.0, 4.0, 2.0 ] );
var x = new ndarray( 'float32', xbuf, [ 4 ], [ 1 ], 0, 'row-major' );

var searchElement = scalar2ndarray( 10.0, {
    'dtype': 'float32'
});

var fromIndex = scalar2ndarray( 0, {
    'dtype': 'generic'
});

var idx = sindexOf( [ x, searchElement, fromIndex ] );
// returns -1
```

</section>

<!-- /.usage -->

<section class="notes">

## Notes

> -   If `fromIndex` is greater than or equal to zero and less than the ndarray length, searching begins at that index and if `fromIndex` is greater than or equal to the array length, the function returns `-1`. Similarly, if `fromIndex` is negative, it is added to the array length, and, if the result is less than zero, searching begins at index `0`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   If a specified starting search index is negative, the function resolves the starting search index by counting backward from the last element (where `-1` refers to the last element).
```
